README.md, before:

# Multi-Depth-Multi-Camera-Stitching

## Project Description

This submission consists of various methods for video stitching from multi-cameras to generate a real-time overview panorama video. 

<div align=center>
<img src="https://github.com/Kyle-Xu001/Multi-Depth-Multi-Camera-Stitching/blob/main/Result/panaroma.gif" controls="controls" muted="muted"/>
</div>

## Files Description
    .
    ├── Result                        # Folder for Animation and Image Demonstrations
    │ 
    ├── stitch
    |      ├─── __init__.py
    |      ├─── ImageStitch.py        # Define the Image and Stitch class
    |      ├─── PositioningSystem.py  # Transformation Function from Local Image to Global Image
    |      └─── utils.py              # Basic functions for stitching
    |
    ├── feature_extraction_test.py    # Image Preprocessing and Feature Extraction
    ├── panorama_test.py              # Generate panorama image for one frame
    ├── PositioningSystem_Test.py     # Test Script for Visualizing the Positioning System on Hard-Coded Points
    ├── stitch_custom.py              # Script for Real-time Video Stitching using generalized stitching function with stitching params input
    ├── stitch_custom_old.py          # Script for Real-time Video Stitching using different functions for each farm
    ├── .gitignore
    ├── LICENSE
    └── README.md

- `feature_extraction_test.py` - Apply Histogram Equalization for image preprocessing, then extract the SIFT, BRISK and orb features from image for comparison
- `panorama_test.py` - Stitch the new image with input stitching combination, using Perspective Transform to stitch the left whole area and the right whole area
- `ImageStitch.py` - Define the `Image` class which combines properties and functions for feature processing on one image, and `Stitch` class which combines properties and functions for matches and features on a pair of images
- `stitch_custom.py` - Given the undistortion videos of multiple cameras, utilize the estimated homography parameters generated from `panorama_test.py` to stitch the image of every frame to create a panorama video
- `PositioningSystem.py` - Define the function for point transformation and box transformation based on the `trans_params.json` files. It transforms the local coordinates of individual camera to the global coordinates.
- `PositioningSystem_Test.py` - Test the positoning system of three farms by visualizing the panorama results of position transformation from each camera

## Usage
- Video Stitching Test: Stitch the input videos to generate a panorama video:
```
    $ python stitch_custom.py -ivid /PATH/TO/VIDEO/GROUP -hpp /PATH/TO/HOMO/PARAMS/FILE -spp /PATH/TO/STITCH/PARAMS/FILE --farm_name FARM_NAME
```
- Image Stitching Test: Stitch the images at the same frame from all cameras to generate a panorama image:
```
    $ python panorama_test.py
```

Commit message:

update feature_matching and feature_extraction test scripts

README.md, after:

# Multi-Depth-Multi-Camera-Stitching

## Project Description

This submission consists of various methods for video stitching from multi-cameras to generate a real-time overview panorama video. 

<div align=center>
<img src="https://github.com/Kyle-Xu001/Multi-Depth-Multi-Camera-Stitching/blob/main/Result/panaroma.gif" controls="controls" muted="muted"/>
</div>

## Files Description
    .
    ├── Result                        # Folder for Animation and Image Demonstrations
    ├── stitch
    |      ├─── __init__.py
    |      ├─── ImageStitch.py        # Define the Image and Stitch class
    |      ├─── PositioningSystem.py  # Transformation Function from Local Image to Global Image
    |      └─── utils.py              # Basic functions for stitching
    |
    ├── feature_extraction_test.py    # Image Preprocessing and Feature Extraction
    ├── feature_matching_test.py      # Feature Matching and Inliers Estimation
    ├── panorama_test.py              # Generate panorama image for one frame
    ├── PositioningSystem_Test.py     # Test Script for Visualizing the Positioning System on Hard-Coded Points
    ├── stitch_custom.py              # Script for Real-time Video Stitching using generalized stitching function with stitching params input
    ├── stitch_custom_old.py          # Script for Real-time Video Stitching using different functions for each farm
    ├── .gitignore
    ├── LICENSE
    └── README.md

- `feature_extraction_test.py` - Apply Histogram Equalization for image preprocessing, then extract the SIFT, BRISK and ORB features from image for comparison
- `feature_matching_test.py` - Apply Brute-Force Matching and KNN Matching methods for feature matching from two images, then apply RANSAC to estimate the Inlier Matches
- `panorama_test.py` - Stitch the new image with input stitching combination, using Perspective Transform to stitch the left whole area and the right whole area
- `ImageStitch.py` - Define the `Image` class which combines properties and functions for feature processing on one image, and `Stitch` class which combines properties and functions for matches and features on a pair of images
- `stitch_custom.py` - Given the undistortion videos of multiple cameras, utilize the estimated homography parameters generated from `panorama_test.py` to stitch the image of every frame to create a panorama video
- `PositioningSystem.py` - Define the function for point transformation and box transformation based on the `trans_params.json` files. It transforms the local coordinates of individual camera to the global coordinates.
- `PositioningSystem_Test.py` - Test the positoning system of three farms by visualizing the panorama results of position transformation from each camera

## Usage
- Image Feature Extraction Test: Extract three kinds of features from the input image and visualize the result
```
    $ python feature_extraction_test.py
```
- Feature Matching Test: Match the features with BF/KNN methods. Select suitable matching method based on the Inliers Result
```
    $ python feature_matching_test.py
```
- Video Stitching Test: Stitch the input videos to generate a panorama video
```
    $ python stitch_custom.py -ivid /PATH/TO/VIDEO/GROUP -hpp /PATH/TO/HOMO/PARAMS/FILE -spp /PATH/TO/STITCH/PARAMS/FILE --farm_name FARM_NAME
```
- Image Stitching Test: Stitch the images at the same frame from all cameras to generate a panorama image
```
    $ python panorama_test.py
```
